Report of Examination for ABC Bank
Board of Directors Bank of Anytown 123 Main Street Anytown, Anystate   
 
 
 Re: Compliance Examination Report and CRA Performance Evaluation  
 
Members of the Board: 
 
Enclosed is a copy of the Compliance Examination Report and the Community Reinvestment Act Performance Evaluation prepared as of the close of business March 14, 2006, by Examiner Mary A. Richards. 
 
The results of the compliance examination, including the Consumer Compliance rating, are subject to the confidentiality restrictions.
This compliance report is for LOB :  non Compliant issues with LOB / Department -- Commercial Lending
 --SCOPE OF THE EXAMINATION -- SCOPE OF THE EXAMINATION 
 
[ DATE OF THE EXAMINATION  2018  AND REVIEW PERIOD COVERED; NAME OF EXAMINER-IN-CHARGE
 --Category  OF THE EXAMINATION --SectionC -- scope detail  Part 1008 - Reg H - S.A.F.E. Act - State Compliance and Bureau Registration System --details for regulation 
§1009.5   Disclosure acknowledgment.
(a) New depositors obtained other than through a conversion or merger. With respect to any depositor who was not a depositor at the depository institution on or before October 13, 2006, and who is not a depositor as described in paragraph (b) of this section, a depository institution lacking Federal deposit insurance may receive a deposit for the account of such depositor only if the institution has obtained the depositor's signed written acknowledgement that:
(1) The institution is not federally insured; and
(2) If the institution fails, the Federal Government does not guarantee that the depositor will get back the depositor's money.
(b) New depositors obtained through a conversion or merger. With respect to a depositor at a federally insured depository institution that converts to, or merges into, a depository institution lacking Federal insurance after October 13, 2006, a depository institution lacking Federal deposit insurance may receive a deposit for the account of such depositor only if: for REAGION --NAMR
 supervisory comments notice not received.
--Recommendation --§204.1   Authority, purpose and scope.
( review needed
