Report of Examination for ABC Bank
Board of Directors Bank of Anytown 123 Main Street Anytown, Anystate   
 
 
 Re: Compliance Examination Report and CRA Performance Evaluation  
 
Members of the Board: 
 
Enclosed is a copy of the Compliance Examination Report and the Community Reinvestment Act Performance Evaluation prepared as of the close of business March 14, 2006, by Examiner Mary A. Richards. 
 
The results of the compliance examination, including the Consumer Compliance rating, are subject to the confidentiality restrictions.
This compliance report is for LOB :  non Compliant issues with LOB / Department -- Credit Cards
 --SCOPE OF THE EXAMINATION -- SCOPE OF THE EXAMINATION 
 
[ DATE OF THE EXAMINATION  2018  AND REVIEW PERIOD COVERED; NAME OF EXAMINER-IN-CHARGE
 --Category  OF THE EXAMINATION --SectionC -- scope detail  Reserve Requirements of Depository Institutions
Sets uniform requirements for all depository institutions to maintain reserve balances either with their Federal Reserve Bank or as cash --details for regulation 
(3) Except as may be otherwise provided by the Board, an Edge Corporation (12 U.S.C. 611 et seq.) or an Agreement Corporation (12 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) is required to comply with the provisions of this part in the same manner and to the same extent as a member bank. 
(4) This part does not apply to any financial institution that (i) is organized solely to do business with other financial institutions; (ii) is owned primarily by the financial institutions with which it does business; and (iii) does not do business with the general public. 
(5) The provisions of this part do not apply to any deposit that is payable only at an office located outside the United States.  for REAGION --APACAmemdum for this regulation Amendments to reflect the annual indexing of the reserve requirement exemption amount and the low reserve tranche for 2018 (effective December 8, 2017)
Press release and notice
Amendments to increase the rate of interest paid on balances maintained to satisfy reserve balance requirements (to 1.25 percent) and the rate of interest paid on excess balances (to 1.25 percent) maintained at Federal Reserve Banks by or on behalf of eligible institutions (effective June 26, 2017)
Notice
 supervisory comments corrective action needed
--Recommendation --(3) Except as may be otherwise provided  review needed
