Report of Examination for ABC Bank
Board of Directors Bank of Anytown 123 Main Street Anytown, Anystate   
 
 
 Re: Compliance Examination Report and CRA Performance Evaluation  
 
Members of the Board: 
 
Enclosed is a copy of the Compliance Examination Report and the Community Reinvestment Act Performance Evaluation prepared as of the close of business March 14, 2006, by Examiner Mary A. Richards. 
 
The results of the compliance examination, including the Consumer Compliance rating, are subject to the confidentiality restrictions.
This compliance report is for LOB :  non Compliant issues with LOB / Department -- Consumer Lending
 --SCOPE OF THE EXAMINATION -- SCOPE OF THE EXAMINATION 
 
[ DATE OF THE EXAMINATION  2018  AND REVIEW PERIOD COVERED; NAME OF EXAMINER-IN-CHARGE
 --Category  OF THE EXAMINATION --SectionC -- scope detail  Reserve Requirements of Depository Institutions
Sets uniform requirements for all depository institutions to maintain reserve balances either with their Federal Reserve Bank or as cash --details for regulation 
§204.1   Authority, purpose and scope.
(a) Authority. This part is issued under the authority of section 19 (12 U.S.C. 461 et seq.) and other provisions of the Federal Reserve Act and of section 7 of the International Banking Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3105). 
(b) Purpose. This part relates to reserve requirements imposed on depository institutions for the purpose of facilitating the implementation of monetary policy by the Federal Reserve System.
(c) Scope. (1) The following depository institutions are required to maintain reserves in accordance with this part: 
(i) Any insured bank as defined in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813(h)) or any bank that is eligible to apply to become an insured bank under section 5 of such Act (12 U.S.C. 1815); 
(ii) Any savings bank or mutual savings bank as defined in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813(f), (g));  for REAGION --NAMRAmemdum for this regulation Amendments to reflect the annual indexing of the reserve requirement exemption amount and the low reserve tranche for 2017 (effective January 18, 2017)
Press release and notice
Amendment to reflect the annual indexing of the reserve requirement exemption amount and the low reserve tranche for 2016 (effective December 17, 2015)
Press release and notice
 supervisory comments board of director are not agree to this situation.
--Recommendation --§204.1   Authority, purpose and scope.
( review needed
