Report of Examination for ABC Bank
Board of Directors Bank of Anytown 123 Main Street Anytown, Anystate   
 
 
 Re: Compliance Examination Report and CRA Performance Evaluation  
 
Members of the Board: 
 
Enclosed is a copy of the Compliance Examination Report and the Community Reinvestment Act Performance Evaluation prepared as of the close of business March 14, 2006, by Examiner Mary A. Richards. 
 
The results of the compliance examination, including the Consumer Compliance rating, are subject to the confidentiality restrictions.
This compliance report is for LOB :  non Compliant issues with LOB / Department -- Credit Cards
 --SCOPE OF THE EXAMINATION -- SCOPE OF THE EXAMINATION 
 
[ DATE OF THE EXAMINATION  2018  AND REVIEW PERIOD COVERED; NAME OF EXAMINER-IN-CHARGE
 --Category  OF THE EXAMINATION --SectionC -- scope detail  Reserve Requirements of Depository Institutions
Sets uniform requirements for all depository institutions to maintain reserve balances either with their Federal Reserve Bank or as cash --details for regulation 
(2) Nonpersonal time deposit does not include nontransferable time deposits to the credit of or in which the entire beneficial interest is held by an individual pursuant to an individual retirement account or Keogh (H.R. 10) plan under 26 U.S.C. 408, 401, or non-transferable time deposits held by an employer as part of an unfunded deferred-compensation plan established pursuant to subtitle D of the Revenue Act of 1978 (Pub. L. 95-600, 92 Stat. 2763), or a 401(k) plan under 26 U.S.C. 401(k).
(g) Natural person means an individual or a sole proprietorship. The term does not mean a corporation owned by an individual, a partnership or other association. 
(h) Eurocurrency liabilities means:
(1) For a depository institution or an Edge or Agreement Corporation organized under the laws of the United States, the sum, if positive, of the following: for REAGION --EMEAAmemdum for this regulation Amendment to reflect the annual indexing of the reserve requirement exemption amount and the low reserve tranche for 2015, and to change the nonexempt deposit cutoff level and the reduced reporting limit (effective December 17, 2014)
Press release and notice
Amendment to reflect the annual indexing of the reserve requirement exemption amount and the low reserve tranche for 2014, and to change the nonexempt deposit cutoff level and the reduced reporting limit (effective December 5, 2013)
 supervisory comments board of director are not agree to this situation.
--Recommendation --(2) Nonpersonal time deposit does not in review needed
