Report of Examination for ABC Bank
Board of Directors Bank of Anytown 123 Main Street Anytown, Anystate   
 
 
 Re: Compliance Examination Report and CRA Performance Evaluation  
 
Members of the Board: 
 
Enclosed is a copy of the Compliance Examination Report and the Community Reinvestment Act Performance Evaluation prepared as of the close of business March 14, 2006, by Examiner Mary A. Richards. 
 
The results of the compliance examination, including the Consumer Compliance rating, are subject to the confidentiality restrictions.
This compliance report is for LOB :  non Compliant issues with LOB / Department -- Consumer Lending
 --SCOPE OF THE EXAMINATION -- SCOPE OF THE EXAMINATION 
 
[ DATE OF THE EXAMINATION  2018  AND REVIEW PERIOD COVERED; NAME OF EXAMINER-IN-CHARGE
 --Category  OF THE EXAMINATION --SectionC -- scope detail  Reserve Requirements of Depository Institutions
Sets uniform requirements for all depository institutions to maintain reserve balances either with their Federal Reserve Bank or as cash --details for regulation 
(a) Where the time deposit is maintained in an individual retirement account established in accordance with 26 U.S.C. 408 and is paid within seven days after establishment of the individual retirement account pursuant to 26 CFR 1.408-6(d)(4), where it is maintained in a Keogh (H.R. 10) plan, or where it is maintained in a 401(k) plan under 26 U.S.C. 401(k); Provided that the depositor forfeits an amount at least equal to the simple interest earned on the amount withdrawn;
(b) Where the depository institution pays all or a portion of a time deposit representing funds contributed to an individual retirement account or a Keogh (H.R.10) plan established pursuant to 26 U.S.C. 408 or 26 U.S.C. 401 or to a 401(k) plan established pursuant to 26 U.S.C. 401(k) when the individual for whose benefit the account is maintained attains age 591/2 or is disabled (as defined in 26 U.S.C. 72(m)(7)) or thereafter;
(c) Where the depository institution pays that portion of a time deposit on which federal deposit insurance has been lost as a result of the merger of two or more federally insured banks in which the depositor previously maintained separate time deposits, for a period of one year from the date of the merger; for REAGION --EMEAAmemdum for this regulation Amendments to reflect the annual indexing of the reserve requirement exemption amount and the low reserve tranche for 2018 (effective December 8, 2017)
Press release and notice
Amendments to increase the rate of interest paid on balances maintained to satisfy reserve balance requirements (to 1.25 percent) and the rate of interest paid on excess balances (to 1.25 percent) maintained at Federal Reserve Banks by or on behalf of eligible institutions (effective June 26, 2017)
Notice
 supervisory comments board of director are not agree to this situation.
--Recommendation --(a) Where the time deposit is maintained review needed
