Report of Examination for ABC Bank
Board of Directors Bank of Anytown 123 Main Street Anytown, Anystate   
 
 
 Re: Compliance Examination Report and CRA Performance Evaluation  
 
Members of the Board: 
 
Enclosed is a copy of the Compliance Examination Report and the Community Reinvestment Act Performance Evaluation prepared as of the close of business March 14, 2006, by Examiner Mary A. Richards. 
 
The results of the compliance examination, including the Consumer Compliance rating, are subject to the confidentiality restrictions.
This compliance report is for LOB : --CTS
 --SCOPE OF THE EXAMINATION -- SCOPE OF THE EXAMINATION 
 
[ DATE OF THE EXAMINATION  2018  AND REVIEW PERIOD COVERED; NAME OF EXAMINER-IN-CHARGE
 --Category  OF THE EXAMINATION --SectionB -- scope detail  Equal Credit Opportunity
Prohibits lenders from discriminating against credit applicants, establishes guidelines for gathering and evaluating credit information, and requires written notification when credit is denied --details for regulation 
(a) Authority and scope. This regulation is issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System pursuant to title VII (Equal Credit Opportunity Act) of the Consumer Credit Protection Act, as amended (15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.). Except as otherwise provided herein, this regulation applies to all persons who are creditors, as defined in §202.2(1). Information collection requirements contained in this regulation have been approved by the Office of Management and Budget under the provisions of 44 U.S.C. 3501 et seq. and have been assigned OMB No. 7100-0201.  for Country Country 81Amemdum for this regulation Amendment to reflect the annual indexing of the reserve requirement exemption amount and the low reserve tranche for 2013, and to change the nonexempt deposit cutoff level and the reduced reporting limit (effective November 30, 2012)
Press release and notice
Amendment to simplify the administration of reserve requirements and reduce administrative and operational costs (effective July 12, 2012; certain amendments effective January 24, 2013, are delayed until June 27, 2013)
