Report of Examination for ABC Bank
Board of Directors Bank of Anytown 123 Main Street Anytown, Anystate   
 
 
 Re: Compliance Examination Report and CRA Performance Evaluation  
 
Members of the Board: 
 
Enclosed is a copy of the Compliance Examination Report and the Community Reinvestment Act Performance Evaluation prepared as of the close of business March 14, 2006, by Examiner Mary A. Richards. 
 
The results of the compliance examination, including the Consumer Compliance rating, are subject to the confidentiality restrictions.
This compliance report is for LOB : --CCB
 --SCOPE OF THE EXAMINATION -- SCOPE OF THE EXAMINATION 
 
[ DATE OF THE EXAMINATION  2018  AND REVIEW PERIOD COVERED; NAME OF EXAMINER-IN-CHARGE
 --Category  OF THE EXAMINATION --SectionB -- scope detail  Equal Credit Opportunity
Prohibits lenders from discriminating against credit applicants, establishes guidelines for gathering and evaluating credit information, and requires written notification when credit is denied --details for regulation 
(2) Requiring reapplication. A creditor may require a reapplication for an open-end account on the basis of a change in the marital status of an applicant who is contractually liable if the credit granted was based in whole or in part on income of the applicant's spouse and if information available to the creditor indicates that the applicant's income may not support the amount of credit currently available.
(d) Signature of spouse or other person—(1) Rule for qualified applicant. Except as provided in this paragraph, a creditor shall not require the signature of an applicant's spouse or other person, other than a joint applicant, on any credit instrument if the applicant qualifies under the creditor's standards of creditworthiness for the amount and terms of the credit requested. A creditor shall not deem the submission of a joint financial statement or other evidence of jointly held assets as an application for joint credit.
(2) Unsecured credit. If an applicant requests unsecured credit and relies in part upon property that the applicant owns jointly with another person to satisfy the creditor's standards of creditworthiness, the creditor may require the signature of the other person only on the instrument(s) necessary, or reasonably believed by the creditor to be necessary, under the law of the state in which the property is located, to enable the creditor to reach the property being relied upon in the event of the death or default of the applicant. for Country Country 75Amemdum for this regulation Amendment to reflect the annual indexing of the reserve requirement exemption amount and the low reserve tranche for 2013, and to change the nonexempt deposit cutoff level and the reduced reporting limit (effective November 30, 2012)
Press release and notice
Amendment to simplify the administration of reserve requirements and reduce administrative and operational costs (effective July 12, 2012; certain amendments effective January 24, 2013, are delayed until June 27, 2013)
