Report of Examination for ABC Bank
Board of Directors Bank of Anytown 123 Main Street Anytown, Anystate   
 
 
 Re: Compliance Examination Report and CRA Performance Evaluation  
 
Members of the Board: 
 
Enclosed is a copy of the Compliance Examination Report and the Community Reinvestment Act Performance Evaluation prepared as of the close of business March 14, 2006, by Examiner Mary A. Richards. 
 
The results of the compliance examination, including the Consumer Compliance rating, are subject to the confidentiality restrictions.
This compliance report is for LOB : --KHJ
 --SCOPE OF THE EXAMINATION -- SCOPE OF THE EXAMINATION 
 
[ DATE OF THE EXAMINATION  2018  AND REVIEW PERIOD COVERED; NAME OF EXAMINER-IN-CHARGE
 --Category  OF THE EXAMINATION --SectionB -- scope detail  Equal Credit Opportunity
Prohibits lenders from discriminating against credit applicants, establishes guidelines for gathering and evaluating credit information, and requires written notification when credit is denied --details for regulation 
(4) Secured credit. If an applicant requests secured credit, a creditor may require the signature of the applicant's spouse or other person on any instrument necessary, or reasonably believed by the creditor to be necessary, under applicable state law to make the property being offered as security available to satisfy the debt in the event of default, for example, an instrument to create a valid lien, pass clear title, waive inchoate rights, or assign earnings.
(5) Additional parties. If, under a creditor's standards of creditworthiness, the personal liability of an additional party is necessary to support the credit requested, a creditor may request a cosigner, guarantor, endorser, or similar party. The applicant's spouse may serve as an additional party, but the creditor shall not require that the spouse be the additional party.
(6) Rights of additional parties. A creditor shall not impose requirements upon an additional party that the creditor is prohibited from imposing upon an applicant under this section. for Country Country 15Amemdum for this regulation Amendment to reflect the annual indexing of the reserve requirement exemption amount and the low reserve tranche for 2013, and to change the nonexempt deposit cutoff level and the reduced reporting limit (effective November 30, 2012)
Press release and notice
Amendment to simplify the administration of reserve requirements and reduce administrative and operational costs (effective July 12, 2012; certain amendments effective January 24, 2013, are delayed until June 27, 2013)
