Report of Examination for ABC Bank
Board of Directors Bank of Anytown 123 Main Street Anytown, Anystate   
 
 
 Re: Compliance Examination Report and CRA Performance Evaluation  
 
Members of the Board: 
 
Enclosed is a copy of the Compliance Examination Report and the Community Reinvestment Act Performance Evaluation prepared as of the close of business March 14, 2006, by Examiner Mary A. Richards. 
 
The results of the compliance examination, including the Consumer Compliance rating, are subject to the confidentiality restrictions.
This compliance report is for LOB :  non Compliant issues with LOB / Department -- Consumer Lending
 --SCOPE OF THE EXAMINATION -- SCOPE OF THE EXAMINATION 
 
[ DATE OF THE EXAMINATION  2018  AND REVIEW PERIOD COVERED; NAME OF EXAMINER-IN-CHARGE
 --Category  OF THE EXAMINATION --SectionC -- scope detail  Part 1008 - Reg H - S.A.F.E. Act - State Compliance and Bureau Registration System --details for regulation 
(B) Accompanying materials requesting that the depositor sign the card, and return the signed card to the institution.
(2) An institution described in paragraph (c)(1) of this section must have made the transmission described in paragraph (c)(1)(ii) of this section via mail not later than three months after October 13, 2006. The institution must have made a second identical transmission via mail not less than 30 days, and not more than three months, after the first transmission to the depositor in accordance with paragraph (c)(1)(ii) of this section, if the institution has not, by the date of such mailing, received from the depositor a card referred to in paragraph (c)(1)(i) of this section which has been signed by the depositor.
(d) Format and type size. The disclosures required by this section must be clear and conspicuous and presented in a simple and easy to understand format, type size, and manner.
 Back to Top
§1009.6   Exception for certain depository institutions.
The requirements of this part do not apply to any depository institution lacking Federal deposit insurance and located within the United States that does not receive initial deposits of less than an amount equal to the standard maximum deposit insurance amount from individuals who are citizens or residents of the United States, other than money received in connection with any draft or similar instrument issued to transmit money. for REAGION --NAMR
 supervisory comments need followup
--Recommendation --(2) Except as may be otherwise provided  review needed
