Report of Examination for ABC Bank
Board of Directors Bank of Anytown 123 Main Street Anytown, Anystate   
 
 
 Re: Compliance Examination Report and CRA Performance Evaluation  
 
Members of the Board: 
 
Enclosed is a copy of the Compliance Examination Report and the Community Reinvestment Act Performance Evaluation prepared as of the close of business March 14, 2006, by Examiner Mary A. Richards. 
 
The results of the compliance examination, including the Consumer Compliance rating, are subject to the confidentiality restrictions.
This compliance report is for LOB :  non Compliant issues with LOB / Department -- Credit Cards
 --SCOPE OF THE EXAMINATION -- SCOPE OF THE EXAMINATION 
 
[ DATE OF THE EXAMINATION  2018  AND REVIEW PERIOD COVERED; NAME OF EXAMINER-IN-CHARGE
 --Category  OF THE EXAMINATION --SectionC -- scope detail  Part 1008 - Reg H - S.A.F.E. Act - State Compliance and Bureau Registration System --details for regulation 
§1008.1   Purpose.
(a) Authority. This part, known as Regulation H, is issued by the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection to implement the Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008, title V of the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 (S.A.F.E. Act) (Pub. L. 110-289, 122 Stat. 2654, 12 U.S.C. 5101 et seq.).
(b) Purpose. The purpose of this part is to enhance consumer protection and reduce fraud by directing states to adopt minimum uniform standards for the licensing and registration of residential mortgage loan originators and to participate in a nationwide mortgage licensing system and registry database of residential mortgage loan originators. Under the S.A.F.E. Act, if the Bureau determines that a state's loan origination licensing system does not meet the minimum requirements of the S.A.F.E. Act, the Bureau is charged with establishing and implementing a system for all loan originators in that state. Additionally, if at any time the Bureau determines that the nationwide mortgage licensing system and registry is failing to meet the S.A.F.E. Act's requirements, the Bureau is charged with establishing and maintaining a licensing and registry database for loan originators. for REAGION --APAC
 supervisory comments good followup
--Recommendation --(i) Based on data that are derived from  review needed
