Report of Examination for ABC Bank
Board of Directors Bank of Anytown 123 Main Street Anytown, Anystate   
 
 
 Re: Compliance Examination Report and CRA Performance Evaluation  
 
Members of the Board: 
 
Enclosed is a copy of the Compliance Examination Report and the Community Reinvestment Act Performance Evaluation prepared as of the close of business March 14, 2006, by Examiner Mary A. Richards. 
 
The results of the compliance examination, including the Consumer Compliance rating, are subject to the confidentiality restrictions.
This compliance report is for LOB :  non Compliant issues with LOB / Department -- Credit Cards
 --SCOPE OF THE EXAMINATION -- SCOPE OF THE EXAMINATION 
 
[ DATE OF THE EXAMINATION  2018  AND REVIEW PERIOD COVERED; NAME OF EXAMINER-IN-CHARGE
 --Category  OF THE EXAMINATION --SectionC -- scope detail  Part 1008 - Reg H - S.A.F.E. Act - State Compliance and Bureau Registration System --details for regulation 
(c) A supervisory authority must have established processes in place to verify that individuals subject to the requirement described in §1008.103(a)(1) and (d)(1) are registered with the NMLSR.
(d) The supervisory authority must be required under state law to regularly report violations of such law, as well as enforcement actions and other relevant information, to the NMLSR.
(e) The supervisory authority must have a process in place for challenging information contained in the NMLSR.
(f) The supervisory authority must require a loan originator to ensure that all residential mortgage loans that close as a result of the loan originator engaging in activities described in §1008.103(b)(1) are included in reports of condition submitted to the NMLSR. Such reports of condition shall be in such form, shall contain such information, and shall be submitted with such frequency and by such dates as the NMLSR may reasonably require. for REAGION --APAC
 supervisory comments good followup
--Recommendation --(a) Standards for programs. Subject to t review needed
